add certificate details on nixOS (#4102)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/install-cloudflare-cert.md

![ChromeOS: name the certificate](/cloudflare-one/static/documentation/connections/chromeOS8_cert.png)

### Nix and NixOS

> nixOS doesn't use the system certificate store for self updating and instead relies on the certificates found in `~/.nix-profile/etc/ssl/certs` or provided by `NIX_SSL_CERT_FILE` at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nixOS does not use the system certificate store for self updating and instead relies on the certificates found in `~/.nix-profile/etc/ssl/certs` or provided by `NIX_SSL_CERT_FILE` at runtime.
```
